

--- Page 1 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

1 

PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

The insurer (hereinafter 'the Company') AGREES with                                           
(hereinnafter  'the  Policyholder')  Purchase  Proection  Insurance  Trust  for  the 
holders  of              and/or  members  of  ___  who  purchase  items  from  the 
Policyholders, in consideration of the payment of the premium and subject to 
the limits of liability, exclusions, conditions and other terms of this Policy. 

TO PAY the benefits described herein. 

This Policy is effective for Twelve (12) months commencing at 12:01 a.m, 
                                                and  shall  be  renewable  for  twelve  (12)  month   
terms thereafter unless cancelled by the Company or the Policyholder. 

<The balance of this page is intentionally blank.>

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 2 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

2 

PART  Ⅰ.    DEFINITIONS 

COVERED  PURCHASE  means  an  item  purchased  by  an  Insured  and  paid 
for by using an Eligible Account or the Covered Purchase made in (            ) 
per  Policy  schedule.  For  a  purchase  to  be  considered  a  Covered  Purchase 
paid  by  an  Eligible  Account,  the  entire  purchase  amount  for  the  item  must 
have been made through the Eligible Account. 

ELIGIBLE  ACCOUNT  means  the  Account(s)  described  in  the  Policy 
Schedule. 

INSURED means the Insured described in the Policy Schedule. 

MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE means the vanishing of a purchased item 
in  an  un-  explained  manner  where  there  is  an  absence  of  evidence  of  a 
wrongful act by a person or persons. 

STOLEN(THEFT)  means  Company  regards  theft  as  someone  taking  an 
insured item that does not belong to him without permission but exclude as 
loss and negligence. 

                        <The balance of this page is intentionally blank.> 

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 3 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

3 

PART  Ⅱ.    INDIVIDUAL TERMINATION 

An  Insured's  coverage  shall  terminate  on  the  earliest  of  1)  the  date  the 
Insured  is  no  longer  eligible  to  participate  ;  or,  2)  the  date  the  Eligible 
Account defined as ineligible by the Policyholder' ; or, 3) the date this Policy 
is terminated. 

                          <The balance of this page is intentionally blank.> 

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 4 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

4 

PART  Ⅲ.    DESCRIPTION OF COVERAGE 

Subject  to  the  Policy  Schedule,  if  a  Covered  Purchase,  or  a  Covered 
Purchase given as a gift, is stolen or damaged, benefits will be paid subject 
to Section 1., Purchase Protection : Valuation, up to the amounts described 
in  Section  2.,  Purchase  Protection  :  Scope  of  Coverage.  Loss  must  occur 
within                      of the date of the Covered Purchase made in                  per 
Policy schedule. Coverage Period and Covered Properties are stated in the 
Policy Schedule. 

Company  will  pay  reimbursement  within  the  limited  of  liability  except  for 
amount  of  deductable.  Coverage  is  limited  up  to  the  original  purchase 
amount.       

If at the time any claim arises under this policy there be any other insurance 
covering the same loss, damage or liability, the Company shall not be liable 
to pay or contribute more than their rateable proportion of any claim for such 
loss, damage or liability. 

1. Purchase Protection    :    Valuation 

      The Company shall be liable only for the lesser of the following amounts :   
1) the amount of the Covered Purchase indicated on the eligible Account ; or   
2) the actual cost to repair or replace the Covered Purchase with an item of 

like and quality. 

      With  respect  to  Covered  Purchases  which  consist  of  articles  in  a pair  or 
set,  the  Company's  liability  shall  be  limited  to  the  cost  of  any  particular 
part(s) which may be stolen or damaged, unless the articles are unusable 
individually  and  cannot  be  replaced  individually;  provided,  however, 
liability for items of jewellery or fine arts consisting of articles in a pair, set, 
or  collection  will  not  be  more  than  the  cost  of  any  particular  parts  which 
may  be  lost  or  damaged,  without  reference  to  any  special  value  which 
such article or articles may have as part of such pair, set of collection. 

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 5 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

5 

2. Purchase Protection : Scope of Coverage 

        The maximum liability of the Company under this Policy is as indicated 

in the Policy Schedule. 

        Coverage  limits  for  the  Insureds  are  subject  to  limitations  stated  in  the 

Policy Schedule. 

                      <The balance of this page is intentionally blank.> 

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 6 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

6 

PART  Ⅳ.    EXCLUSIONS 

This policy shall not cover loss in connection with any claim :   

1) boats ;   
2)  motorised  vehicles(including  but  not  limited  to  airplanes,  watercraft,   
automobiles and motorcycles) or their motors, equipment and accessories 
(including but not limited to communication devices intended solely for use 
in the vehicle);   

3) land or buildings (including but not limited to homes and dwellings) ; 
4) travellers' checks, tickets of any kind, negotiable instruments, bullion, rare 
or precious coins, cash or its equivalent, philatelic or numismatic property ;   
5) plants or animals ;   
6) consumables and perishables;   
7)  items  which  the  Insured  damages  through  alteration  (including  cutting, 

sawing, or shaping) ; or   

8)  services  (including  but  not  limited  to  the  performance  or  rendering  of 
labour  or  maintenance,  repair  or  installation  of  products,  goods,  or 
property, or professional advices of any kind). 

9) Used, rebuilt, remanufactured, Antiques and collection items 
10) Application programs, operation system, other software 
11) Rental, Lease or borrowing items under the care and control of insured 
12) Real estate, furniture, mobile phone and jewelry 
13) Losses before the contract of insurance program 
14) Losses due to willful act of Insured, Assured or their legal representative   
Items purchased for resale, professional or commercial use 
15) Losses covered by a manufacturer’s warranty, recall or class action suit 
16) Losses covered by Insured’s exchange or refund policy 
17)  Items  breakage,  loss  and  theft  from,  in,  or  upon  vehicles  (including  but 

not limited any land, water or air transportation) 
18) Items which insured damage through alteration 
19)  Items  can  be  made  reproduction  (including  multimedia  files,  movies  or 

music files) 

20) Items breakage resulting from war or hostilities of any kind (including but 

not limited to invasion, rebellion, riot or civil commotion) 

21)  Items  breakage  resulting  from  attachment  or  provisional  attachment  by 

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 7 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

7 

any government, public authority or customs official 

22) Items breakage caused by illegal activity or acts 
23) Loss resulting from such as flooding, disappearance and fire 
24) Service items of travel, reservation 
25) Loss resulting from expendable goods or parts 
26)  Insured  not  care  for  cases  such  as  delivery,  conducting  and  indirect     

handling with jewels, camera and video recording device. 

27) Arising out of, based upon such as earthquake, eruption, tsunami like as   
      the natural disaster. 
28) Ordinary abrasion such as wear, crack and corrosion with out of   
      functional, harmful insect, wrong using.   
29) In no case shall this insurance cover loss damage or expense directly or 

indirectly caused by contributed to by or arising form : 

      - Any chemical, biological, bio-chemical or electromagnetic weapon 
30) Contamination by radioactivity from any nuclear fuel or from any nuclear 
waster and the radioactive, toxic, explosive or other hazardous, except for 
29 article. 

31) Items would be extinction due to exercise of public power. 
32) Visual damage without functional matters (pitting, coloring, scratch, rust) 
33) All cost from the storage of data affected from damage. 
34) Transportation cost to repair affair. 
35) In case of repair from an unlicensed agency. 
36) No proof for accident claim. In case of mystery loss without the proof of 

illegal act. 

37)  Arising  out  of,  based  upon  or  attribute  to  any  theft  and  loss  :  careless 
acts  at  public  place  such  as  subway,  park  etc.  or  absent  without 
leave.(But  insurer  cover  if  insured  conducted  any  safety  actions  as  lock-
up).   

    Stolen  items  must  be  reported  as  stolen  to  the  police  or  an  appropriate 

authority where the incident took place without hesitation. 

38) Loss and theft at transportation without the attention. 

Other exclusions will be given according to the Policy Schedule. 

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 8 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

8 

PART  Ⅴ.    TERMS AND CONDITIONS 

The  coverage  provided  by  this  Policy  is  subject  to  the  following  terms  and 
conditions : 

A. Notification of Claim : 
    If  any  covered  loss  occurs,  notice  must  be  provided  to  the  Company 
without  hesitation  after  the  incident  occurred.  The  Insured  shall  take  all 
reasonable measures to protect, save, and/or recover the property. 

B. Claim Forms : 
    The company or its authorized agent, upon receipt of a notice of claim, will 

furnish to the Insured the necessary forms for filing proof of loss. 

C. Proof of Loss : 
    Written  proof  of  loss  including  any  required  information  necessary  to 
support a claim must be furnished to the Company or its authorized agent 
at its said location without hesitation after the date of the incident.   

    For  Purchase  Assurance  Claims,  the  Insured  must  complete  the  claim 
form  and  attach  all  requested  documentation,  including  a  legible  copy  of 
the card charge slip and/or store receipt and police report or other proof of 
loss. 

D. Time of Payment of Claims : 
    Benefits  payable  under  this  Policy  for  any  loss  will  be  paid  immediately 
upon  receipt  of  the  written  proof  of  such  loss  and  all  required  information 
necessary  to  support  the  claim.  The  Company  may  in  any  claim  for 
damage  recoverable  hereunder,  require  the  Insured  to  send  the  damage 
item to an address designated by the Company at the Insured's expense. 

E. Payment of Claims : 
    All benefits payable will be paid to the Insured or, in the case of death, to 

the Insured's estate. 

F. Misrepresentation and Fraud : 

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 9 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

9 

    Coverage as to an Insured shall be void if, whether before or after a loss, 
the  Insured  has  concealed  or  misrepresented  any  material  fact  or 
circumstance  concerning  this  insurance  or  the  subject  thereof,  or  the 
interest  of  the  Insured  therein,  or  if  the  Insured  commits  fraud  or  false 
swearing in connection with any of the foregoing. 

G. The Company's Right to Recover from Others : 
    If  the  Company  makes  payments,  it  is  entitled  to  recover  such  amounts 
from  other  parties  or  persons.  Any  party  or  person  to  or  for  whom  the 
Company makes payment must transfer to us his or her rights of recovery 
against  any  other  party  or  person.  The  party  or  person  transferring  such 
must do everything necessary to secure these rights and must do nothing 
that would jeopardize them. 

H. Obligation to Prevent Damage 
Upon occurrence of any insured events, the Policyholder or the Insured shall 
exert  efforts 
the 
Policyholder or the Insured neglects to make such efforts due to intention or 
gross  negligence,  the  Company  shall  deduct  from  the  total  damages  an 
amount equal to the damages that could have been avoided or mitigated. 

to  prevent  and  alleviate 

the  relevant  damages. 

If 

I. Statute of Limitation 
The  claim  for  insurance  proceeds  and  the  claim  for  return  of  insurance 
premium and  surrender value  shall extinguish  unless  exercised  within  three 
(3) years. 

J. Choice of Law For Policy Disputes 
  The  construction  and enforcement of  the  provisions  of  this policy  shall  be 
determined in accordance with and governed by the laws of the Republic of 
Korea.   

  Any disputes relating to the construction and enforcement of the provisions 
of this policy shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of 
the Republic of Korea. 

K. Entire Contract : Changes : 
    This Policy, including any endorsements and attached papers, constitutes 
the  entire  contract  of  insurance.    No  change  in  this  Policy  shall  be  valid 
until  approved  by  an  executive  officer  of  the  Company  and  unless  such 

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 10 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

10 

approval  is  endorsed  and  attached  hereto.    No  agent  has  authority  to 
change this Policy or to waive any of its provisions. 

                      <The balance of this page is intentionally blank.> 

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 11 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

11 

PART  Ⅵ.    ADDITIONAL PROVISIONS 

1. Policy  Period.    This  Policy  shall  become  effective  upon  the  Policy 
Effective  Date  shown  on  the  first  page  of  this  Policy  and  will  remain  in 
force unless cancelled in accordance with Paragraph 5 of this part  Ⅵ. 

2. Premium  Adjustment.    The  premium  due  for  this  Policy  stated  in  the 
Policy  Schedule  as  attached  to  the  Policy  is  a  minimum  and  deposit 
premium  only.  Upon  the  termination  of  this  Policy,  the  actual  premium 
shall  be  excess  against  the  deposit  premium  and  then  policyholder  must 
pay an additional premium according to the accurate calculation. When the 
total  premium  actually  adjusted  are  less  than  a  minimum  and  deposit 
premium, refund premium is not payable. 

The  Policyholder  should  report  all  documents  related  in  settlement  of 
premium upon the termination of this policy. 

3. Examination  and  Audit.    The  company  shall  be  permitted  to  examine 
the  Policyholder's  records  relating  to  the  Policy  during  normal  business 
hours and upon  reasonable  advance  notice at  any  time  during  the  Policy 
term  and  within  three  years  after  expiration  of  the  Policy  or  until  final 
adjustment and settlement of all claims hereunder, whichever is later. 

4. Assignment.    This  Policy  is  not  assignable,  but  benefits  may  be 

assigned. 

5. Cancellation.    The  company  may  cancel  this  Policy  at  any  time  by 
written notice delivered to the Policyholder or mailed to the last address as 
shown on the records of the Company, stating when, not less than 31 days 
thereafter,  such  cancellation  shall  be  effective;  the  policyholder  may 
cancel this policy  at  any  time  by  written  notice  delivered  or mailed  to  the 
Company effective on receipt or on such later date as may be specified in 
the notice. 

    In  the  event  of  such  cancellation  by  either  the  Company  or  the 
Policyholder,  the  Company  shall  promptly  return  the  unearned  premium 
paid,  if  any,  and  the  Policyholder  shall  promptly  pay  the  earned  premium 
which has not been paid.    Such cancellation shall be without prejudice to 
any claim originating prior to the effective date of such cancellation. 

                      <The balance of this page is intentionally blank.>   

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 12 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

12 

Being Stolen Hazards(Risks) Exclusion Clause 

It is agreed and understood that otherwise subject to the coverage, exclusion
s, provisions and conditions contained in the Policy or endorsed thereon, we 
do not cover risks of being stolen 

                      <The balance of this page is intentionally blank.>   

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 13 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

13 

Special Clause for Extension on Covered Purchase 

Notwithstanding  the  exclusions  on  Section  4.  in  the  schedule,  if  a  covered 
purchase (_________) is stolen or damaged, benefits will be paid subject to 
Section  1  (Purchase  Protection:  Valuation),  up  to  the  amounts  described  in 
Section  2.(Purchase  Protection:  Scope  of  Coverage)  Other  terms  and 
conditions  are  subject  to  limitations  stated  in  the  Policy  Schedule  and  its 
coverage.     

Special Clause for Fire Risks Coverage 

Notwithstanding  the  exclusions  on  Section  4.  in  the  schedule,  The  covered 
purchase  will  be  covered  the  loss  resulting  from  fire.  Other  terms  and 
conditions  are  subject  to  limitations  stated  in  the  Policy  Schedule  and  its 
coverage. 

Sanction Limitation and Exclusion Clause 

No (re)insurer shall be deemed to provide cover and no (re)insurer shall be 
liable to pay any claim or provide any benefit hereunder to the extent that the 
provision  of  such  cover, payment of  such  claim  or provision  of  such  benefit 
would expose that (re)insurer to any sanction, prohibition or restriction under 
United  Nations  resolutions  or  the  trade  or  economic  sanctions,  laws  or 
regulations  of  the  European  Union,  United  Kingdom  or  United  States  of 
America. 

해외직접구매물품  운송중  위험  보장  특별약관 

제1조  (보상하는  손해) 

①  회사는  보험약관상의  제4장  면책사항에도  불구하고,  담보대상  물품이  보장기간  중에 

도난,  파손,  불착되었지만  담보대상  물품의  판매자  등(구매대행업체,  배송대행업체를  포

함)로부터  보상받지  못하게  된  경우,  그  구매비용(구매시  발생하는  배송비용과  관세를 

포함합니다)을  보험증권  상의  보상한도액  및  보상횟수  내에서  실손  보상하여  드립니다. 

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 14 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

14 

②  제1항의  불착이란,  구매  후  특정기간  (    )일  동안  구매물품을  전달  받지  못하는  경우

를  말합니다. 

③  제1항의  담보대상  물품  중  한  쌍이나  세트로  구성된  물품의  경우,  회사는  개별적으로 

사용할  수  없거나  개별적으로  수리,  대체할  수  없어서  전체세트를  수리,  대체하기  위한 

비용을  지출해야  하는  경우를  제외하고는  특정  부품의  가격에  한정하여  보상합니다.  단, 

한  쌍,  세트  또는  모음으로  된  제품이  보석류나  미술품  등인  경우에는  해당  물품이  한 

쌍,  세트  또는  모음의  일부로서  가질  수  있는  특별한  가치를  고려하지  않고  도난  또는 

파손된  특정  부품에  대한  가격에  한정하여  보상합니다. 

제2조  (보상하지  아니하는  손해) 

회사는  아래의  목적물  또는  사유를  원인으로  하여  생긴  손해는  보상하여  드리지  아니합

니다. 

1.  계약자나  피보험자(법인인  경우에는  그  이사  또는  법인의  업무를  집행하는  그  밖의 

기관)  또는  이들의  법정대리인의  고의  또는  중대한  과실로  생긴  손해 

2.  피보험자에게  보험금을  받도록  하기  위하여  피보험자와  세대를  같이하는  친족  및 

고용인이  고의로  일으키거나  묵인  하에  생긴  손해 

3.  해충에  의한  파손  손해 

4.  판매자  및  구매대행업체,  배송대행업체  등에서  보상  하는  손해 

5.  전문적인  서비스(다음  사항을  포함하나  이에  한정되지는  않습니다.)  :  노동  또는  보

수유지의  이행  및  제공,  제품,  상품  또는  재산의  수리  및  설치,  도움  및  지원  라인에서 

보증하는  정보/서비스  또는  조언을  포함하나  이에  한정되지  않는  전문적인  조언,  소프트

웨어  하드웨어  또는  기타  주변장치에  대한  기술적  지원) 

6.  정상적인  마모와  균열,  잘못된  사용,  부정  수단(사기),  점진적인  악화,  오용에  의한 

손해 

7.  제품의  근본적인  결함으로  인한  손해 

8.  전쟁  또는  모든  유형의  적대행위(침략,  폭동,  내란,  소요  또는  시민소동  등)로  인한 

손해 

9.  핵연료  물질(사용이  끝난  연료를  포함합니다.  이하  같습니다)  또는  핵연료  물질에 

의하여  오염된  물질(원자핵분열  생성물을  포함합니다)의  방사성,  폭발성  또는  그  밖의 

유해한  특성  또는  이들의  특성에  의한  사고로  인한  손해 

10.  위  제9호  이외의  방사선을  쬐는  것  또는  방사능  오염으로  인한  손해 

11.  정부,  공공기관  또는  세관공무원의  공권력의  행사로  생긴  손해 

12.  밀수품(또는  금제품),  불법행위로  인한  손해 

13.  천재지변(홍수,  태풍,  지진  등을  포함하나  이에  한정되지는  않습니다.)으로  인하여 

발생한  손해 

14.  제조사  또는  판매사의  품질보증정책(구매만족보장  등의  서비스  포함)에  해당하는 

손해 

15.  통상적인  운송과정  이외의  보관위험손해 

16.  보험의  목적의  하자,  자연소모  또는  성질로  인한  발화,  폭발,  뜸,  곰팡이,  부패,  변

색,  향기의  변질,  녹과  기타  이와  유사한  사고로  생긴  손해 

17.  판매자  등(구매대행업체,  배송대행업체  포함의  파산,  지급불능,  영업정지,  연락두절 

및  고의적인  지급  지연  또는  거부  등의  이유로  발생하는  손해 

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 15 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

15 

18.  아래  기재된  물품에  발생한  손해 

(1)  선박,  항공기,  자동차,  오토바이나  이들의  모터,  장비와  부속용품  등 

(2)  토지  또는  건물,  영구적으로  설치된  장치,  시설  및  구조물  등 

(3)  여행자  수표,  모든  종류의  티켓,  양도성  증서,  금(은)괴,  희귀하거나  고가의  동전, 

현금  또는  동등한  물물,  수집  우표  또는  화폐  등 

(4)  식물  또는  동물 

(5)  소모품  및  부패하기  쉬운  것 

(6)  피보험자(보험대상자)의  변경작업(절단,  재봉,  톱질  또는  변형을  포함합니다.)에 

의하여  파손된  제품 

(7)  제3자  또는  일반운송업자(항공사  또는  기타  배달서비스를  포함하나  그에  한정되

지는  않습니다.  계약자가  운송업을  겸하는  경우  계약자를  포함합니다.)에  의하여  잘

못  배달된  물품 

(8)  일반대중  또는  단체의  이용,  회원집단에  개방되어  있는  위치나  장소에서  잠금 

장치나  보호  없이(피보험자[보험대상자])  또는  기타  책임자가  팔이  닿을  수  있는  거

리보다  멀게  공공장소에서  방치하거나  주의,  보관,  관리에  태만)하여  도난을  당한 

물품.  그러나  피보험자(보험대상자)의  근무처,  학교,  종교사원은  공공장소에  포함되

지  않습니다. 

(9)  재판매,  직업적이거나  상업적인  용도로  사용하기  위하여  구매한  물품 

(10)  건설현장에  보관된  제품 

(11)  피보험자(보험대상자)의  책임  하에  있는  렌트,  리스  또는  빌린  물품 

(12)  불법행위에  대하여  아무런  증거  없이  분실한  물품과  원인  불명으로  사라진  물

품(분실의  유일한  증거가  설명되지  못하거나  그  물품에  어떤  일이  발생하였는지를 

보여주는  아무런  실질적인  증거가  없는  경우) 

(13)  중고품  및  재생  물품,  재조립  물품,  재제작  물품,  이전에  누군가  소유한  물품 

(14)  모든  종류의  수집품  및  골동품 

(15)  응용프로그램,  운영체제  및  기타  소프트웨어 

(16) USA / EU / UN이  지정한  무역  및  경제  제재  국가로부터  수입된  물품 

제3조  (담보대상  물품의  범위)   

이  보험계약에서  담보대상  물품의  범위는  계약자가  제공하는  해외직구운송  보장  서비스

(이하  ‘서비스’라  합니다)에  가입하고,  서비스  가입기간  중에  서비스  제공  카드사의  피보

험자  본인  명의  카드를  이용하여  온라인  해외직접구매(해외직구)한  새  상품(해외  온라인 

구매대행으로  구매된  상품도  포함합니다.)을  말합니다. 

제4조  (보험금  등의  지급한도) 

①  회사가  보상하는  보험금은  보험증권에  기재된  보험가입금액(보상한도액)을  한도로  합

니다. 

②  손해  발생시에  회사는  구매물품에  대한  재구매비용(재구매  시  발생되는  배송비용과 

관세를  포함합니다)을  보상한도액  내에서  보상합니다. 

③  제2항의  비용에  대하여  보험금을  지급할  다른  보험계약이  체결되어  있는  경우에는 

타  보험에  의해  보상받은  금액을  제외한  차액을  보험가입금액(보상한도액)을  한도로  지

급합니다. 

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 16 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

16 

④  회사가  지급하는  총보상한도액은  보험증권에  기재된  Loss Cap  손해율  ( )%로  합니다. 

*  용어정의  *   

Loss Cap  손해율  :  이미  납입한  보험료  합계액(정산보험료  포함)  대비  이미  지급한  보험

금  합계액(지급준비금  포함)의  비율로  회사와  계약자가  협의하여  정한  비율(손해율)까지

만  보험금을  지급하는  것을  말하며,  아래와  같이  계산합니다. 

* LossCap손해율  = [이미  지급한  보험금  합계액(지급준비금  포함) /  이미  납입한  보험료 

합계액(정산보험료  포함)] x 100 

제5조  (보장대상  계약  명세의  통지) 

보험계약자는  보험기간  중  이  보험에  가입된  서비스에  대하여,  상호  협의한  주기  및  양

식에  따라  전산Data로  통지해야  합니다. 

제  6  조  (기록의  열람)   

보험계약자  및  피보험자는  이  보험에  가입된  모든  서비스에  대하여  근거문서  및  기록을 

유지하여야  하며,  보험회사가  14일  이전에  서면으로  관련  기록,  문서  또는  파일에  대한 

열람을  요청하는  경우  보험계약자  또는  피보험자는  언제든지  이를  허용해야  합니다. 

제  7  조  (보험계약자  또는  피보험자  준수사항)   

①  계약자는  이  계약의  체결시점에  약관에  따라  회사와  협의하여  정한  서비스계약서를 

발행하여야  하며,  보험기간  중에  이를  변경하고자  하는  경우에는  회사의  사전  서면  동의

를  받아야  합니다.  회사의  사전동의  없이  변경된  서비스계약서  등에  따른  손해는  보상하

지  않습니다.   

②  보험계약자  및  피보험자는  손해액  산정  및  처분절차  수행  등  보험사고  처리와  관련하

여  보험회사가  이의  검증,  참관  및  문서열람,  제출  등을  요구하는  경우,  이에  성실히  협

조하여야  합니다. 

제8조  (준용규정)   

이  특별약관에  정하지  아니한  사항은  보통약관을  따릅니다. 

운송중  도난  부보장  추가특별약관 

제1조(보상하지  아니하는  손해)   

회사는  해외직접구매물품  운송중  위험  보장  특별약관  제1조  보상하는  손해에도  불구하

고  운송중  도난으로  인한  손해는  보상하여  드리지  아니합니다. 

제2조(준용규정)   

이  추가특별약관에  정하지  아니한  사항은  보통약관  및  특별약관을  따릅니다.   

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 17 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

17 

운송중  파손  부보장  추가특별약관 

제1조(보상하지  아니하는  손해)   

회사는  해외직접구매물품  운송중  위험  보장  특별약관  제1조  보상하는  손해에도  불구하

고  운송중  파손으로  인한  손해는  보상하여  드리지  아니합니다. 

제2조(준용규정)   

이  추가특별약관에  정하지  아니한  사항은  보통약관  및  특별약관을  따릅니다.   

불착  손해  부보장  추가특별약관 

제1조(보상하지  아니하는  손해)   

회사는  해외직접구매물품  운송중  위험  보장  특별약관  제1조  보상하는  손해에도  불구하

고  구매물품의  불착(구매자에게  배송되지  않음)으로  인한  손해는  보상하여  드리지  아니

합니다. 

제2조(준용규정)   

이  추가특별약관에  정하지  아니한  사항은  보통약관  및  특별약관을  따릅니다.   

  도난  손해  부보장  특별약관 

제1조  (보상하지  아니하는  손해)   

회사는  보험약관  제3장  보장조항에도  불구하고  구매품의  도난으로  인한  손해는  보상하

여  드리지  아니합니다. 

제2조  (준용규정)   

이  특별약관에  정하지  아니한  사항은  보통약관을  따릅니다. 

파손  손해  부보장  특별약관 

제1조  (보상하지  아니하는  손해)   

회사는  보험약관  제3장  보장조항에도  불구하고  구매품의  파손으로  인한  손해는  보상하

여  드리지  아니합니다. 

제2조  (준용규정)   

이  특별약관에  정하지  아니한  사항은  보통약관을  따릅니다. 

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 18 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

18 

Special Clause for Return Shipping Costs 

Article 1 (Damage to Compensate)   

The company shall compensate the individual insured for the following costs if returned to 

repair  or  exchange  the  collateralized  goods,  despite  the  warranty  terms  of  Part  Ⅲ. 

Description of Coverage in the general agreement. 

(1) Return shipping cost 

(2)  The  cost  of  the  seller  re-shipping  the  repaired  or  exchanged  item  to  the  purchaser 

(However, the costs covered by the seller shall not be included.) 

Article 2 (Exclusions)   

The company shall not compensate any damages caused by the following reasons: 

(1) Expenses incurred under the responsibility of the seller or carrier 

(2) Expenses incurred by direct delivery costs, not logistics costs 

(3) Expenses for which shipping receipts and documents are not proven 

(4) Any uncompensated damage listed in PartⅣ. Exclusions 

Article 3 (Definition of the collateralized goods) 

The  collateralized  goods  covered  by  the  Special  Clause  for  Return  Shipping  Costs  are 

defined as new products  (Inlcluding new products bought by overseas online purchasing 

agency) that the individual insured makes a direct overseas purchase. 

Article 4 (The Limit of Insurance Payment) 

The  benefit  covered  by  the  Company  shall  be  limited  to  the  amount  insured  (limit  of 

coverage) written on the Policy Schedule. 

Article 5 (Insurance Claim) 

In case the insured claims the insurance,  the following  documents shall  be submitted to 

the company.   

(1) Confirmation documents of purchased goods and reasons for delivery 

(2) Receipt of expenses for delivery   

(3) Insurance claims   

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 19 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

19 

(4) Any document that the Company needs to pay reimbursement 

Article 6 (Compliance Regulations)   

Matters  that  are  not  specified  in  this  special  agreement  shall  be  subject  to  the  general 

terms and conditions. 

제1조(보상하는  손해)   

반품배송비용담보  특별약관Ⅱ 

회사는  보통약관상의  제3장  보장조항에도  불구하고,  개별  피보험자가  구매한 

담보대상물품을  배송받은  수령일로부터  ()일이내  판매자  및  구매대행업체의  규정에  맞게 

반품을  완료한  경우,  발생한  반품배송비용을  보상하여  드립니다.   

[주의사항] 

제1조(보상하는  손해)에서의  “피보험자가  구매한  담보대상물품을  배송받은  수령일로부터 

()일이내  반품한  경우”란  수령일로부터  ()일이내  반품신청과  판매자에게  반품배송이  모두 

완료된  경우를  말합니다. 

(구매자가  상품을  받은  일자과  반품된  물건이  판매자에게  도착하는  일자는    택배사에서 

표기한  일자로  갈음합니다.) 

제2조(보상하지  않는  손해)   

회사는  아래의  사유를  원인으로  하여  생긴  손해는  보상하여  드리지  않습니다. 

1.  판매자  및  구매대행업체,  배송대행업체  등에서  보상하는  손해 

2.  물류  비용이  아닌  직접  전달비용 

3.  배송관련  영수증  및  서류가  증명되지  않는  비용 

4.  제4장  면책조항에  나열된  조항에  해당하는  손해 

제3조(담보대상  물품의  범위)   

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 20 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

20 

이  보험계약에서  담보대상  물품의  범위는  피보험자가  보험기간  중에  유효계좌를  통하여 

물품대금을  지불하여  해외직접구매(해외직구)한  새  상품(해외  온라인  구매대행으로  구매된 

상품도  포함합니다.)을  말합니다. 

제4조(보험금의지급한도)   

회사가  보상하는  보험금은  보험증권에  기재된  보험가입금액(보상한도액)을  한도로  합니다..   

제5조(보험금의청구)   

피보험자가  보험금을  청구할때에는  다음과  같은  서류를  회사에  제출하여야  합니다.   

1.  구매물품  확인  서류  및  배송  사유 

2.  배송에  들어간  비용  영수증 

3.  보험금  청구서   

4.  구매물품의  수령일이  기입되어  있는  배송확인서 

5.  기타  회사가  보험금  지급을  위해  필요로  하는  증빙자료 

제6조(준용규정)   

이  특별약관에  정하지  않은  사항은  보통약관을  따릅니다.   

상품다수구매자  보험계약  특별약관   

제 1 조  (적용범위)   

①  이  특별약관은  상품다수판매자가  자기의  관리하에  운영•유지되는  상품구매자  다수를 

피보험자로  하여  보험계약을  체결하는  경우에  적용합니다.   

②  제 1 항의  상품구매자란  각종  재화,  용역  및  서비스의  구매자를  말합니다. 

③  제 1 항의  총  피보험자수  100 명  이상이어야  합니다. 

제 2 조  (계약자)   

계약자는  제 1 조(적용범위)의  상품다수구매자  다수를  대표하여  계약상의  모든  권리,  의무를  행사할 
수  있어야  합니다. 

제 3 조  (보험가입금액)   

피보험자의  보험가입금액은  동일하게  책정하는  것을  원칙으로  합니다. 

제 4 조  (피보험자의  증가,  감소,  또는  교체)   

①  계약을  맺은  후  피보험자를  증가,  감소  또는  교체코자  하는  경우에는  보험계약자  또는 

피보험자는  지체없이  서면으로  그  사실을  회사에  알리고  회사의  승인을  받아야  합니다.   

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 21 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

21 

②  보험기간  중  피보험자의  감소의  경우는  당해  피보험자의  계약은  해지된  것으로  하며,  새로이 
증가  또는  교체되는  피보험자의  보험기간은  이  계약의  남은  보험기간으로  하고,  이로  인해 
발생되는  추가  또는  환급보험료는  일단위로  계산하여  받거나  돌려드립니다.   

③  회사는  계약자  또는  피보험자가  제 1 항,  제 2 항을  위반하였을  경우에  새로이  증가  또는 

교체되는  해당  피보험자에  대하여는  보상하여  드리지  않습니다.   

제 5 조(약관  등의  교부)   

회사는  계약자에게만  보험증권  및  약관을  교부하여  드립니다.  단,  회사가  필요한  경우 
피보험자에게  보험증권  및  약관의  주요  내용을  요약한  요약  약관을  보내드릴  수  있습니다. 

제 6 조  (준용규정)   

이  특별약관에  정하지  않은  사항은  보통약관을  따릅니다. 

상품다수구매자  보험료정산  특별약관 

제 1 조  (보험료의  정산)   

①  회사는  상품다수구매자  보험계약  특별약관  제 4 조(피보험자의  증가,  감소,  또는  교체) 

제 2 항에도  불구하고  이  특별약관에  따라  보험료를  정산합니다. 

②  회사는  상품다수구매자  보험계약  특별약관  제 4 조(피보험자의  증가,  감소,  또는  교체)  제 3 항과 
관계없이  보험료가  정산되기  이전일지라도  새로이  증가  또는  교체된  피보험자에  대해  생긴 
손해를  보상하여  드립니다. 

제 2 조  (보험가입금액)   

상품다수구매자  보험계약  특별약관  제 3 조(보험가입금액)의  규정에  관계없이  계약자가  피보험자의 
보험가입금액을  각기  달리하여  가입하고자  할  경우에  회사는  계약사항을  고려하여  이를  승인할  수 
있습니다. 

제 3 조  (피보험자의  통지)   

①  계약자는  피보험자의  증감이  있을  경우  아래  [양식 1]에  정한  양식으로  회사에  서면(팩시밀리를 

포함합니다)  통지하여야  합니다. 

②  회사의  보장은  제 1 항의  통지가  회사에  접수되는  시점으로  하며  우편통지시  그  통지가  지연된 

경우에는  우체국  소인이  찍힌  날로부터  3 일이  지나면  회사에  접수된  것으로  봅니다. 

③  제 1 항에도  불구하고  계약자가  자기의  재화,  용역  및  서비스를  판매한  날짜  및  시간이  입력된 
M/T 등  전산  자료를  회사에  제공할  수  있을  경우에는  다음  어느  하나의  기간  단위로  피보험자 
증감내역을  통보합니다. 

-  매주  □, -  매 6 개월  □, -기타  □,( ) 

제 4 조  (보험료  정산기간)   

계약자는  다음  중  어느  하나의  것으로  보험료를  정산하기로  약정하고,  이  기간을 
보험료정산기간(이하  "정산기간"  이라  합니다)이라  합니다. 

1.  보험계약  기간중 

-  매주  □, -  매 6 개월  □, -기타  □,( ) 

2.  보험기간  종료후  □ 

제 5 조  (예치보험료)   

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 22 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

22 

계약자는  제 4 조(보험료  정산기간)의  매  정산기간이  시작될  때  마다  정산기간  동안의 
예상피보험자  수에  정해진  보험요율을  적용하여  산출한  보험료(이하  "예치보험료"  라  합니다)를 
회사에  납입하여야  합니다. 

제 6 조  (보험료의  정산방법)   

①  계약자는  계약이  효력상실  또는  해지된  경우에는  효력상실  또는  해지일까지의  보험료를 

확정하기  위하여  필요한  서류를  효력상실  또는  해지  즉시  회사에  제출해야  합니다. 

②  회사는  보험기간중이나  보험기간  종료  후  보험료를  산출하기  위하여  필요하다고  인정될 

경우에는  보험계약자의  서류를  열람할  수  있습니다. 

③  회사는  제 3 조에  의해  통지된  내용에  따라  정산기간  동안의  실제보험료를  산출한  후  매 
정산기간  종료후  7 일  이내에  제 5 조(예치보험료)의  예치보험료와의  차액을  받거나 
돌려드립니다. 

제 7 조(보험기간의  설정)   

회사는  새로이  증가  또는  교체되는  피보험자의  보험기간은  보험계약자가  요청하는  기간으로 
합니다.  다만,  이  계약기간  중에  피보험자  감소의  경우  당해  피보험자의  계약은  해지된  것으로 
합니다. 

제 8 조  (적용  특칙)   

회사는  계약자에게만  보험증권을  드립니다. 

제 9 조  (준용규정)   

이  추가특별약관에서  정하지  않은  사항은  보통약관  및  상품다수구매자  보험계약  특별약관을 
따릅니다. 

[양식 1] 

피보험자명 

주민등록번호 

주  소 

전화번호 

상품구입일 

날  인 

상품다수구매자  보험기간  설정에  따른  특별약관   

제 1 조(적용범위)   

이  추가특별약관은  상품다수구매자  보험계약  특별약관  제 4 조(피보험자의  증가,  감소  또는  교체 
제 2 항에도  불구하고,  새로이  증가되는  피보험자의  보험기간을  정하는  경우에  적용합니다.   

제 2 조(보험기간)   

이  추가특별약관에  따라  계약기간  중에  새로이  증가된  피보험자의  보험기간은  계약자가  요청하는 
기간으로  합니다. 

제 3 조(보험료의  납입)   

①  계약자는  새로이  증가된  피보험자에  대하여  일단위로  계산된  추가보험료를  납입하여야  합니다.   

②  새로이  증가된  피보험자의  보험기간이  시작된  후라도  다른  약정이  없으면  추가보험료를  받기 

전에  생긴  손해는  보상하여  드리지  않습니다.   

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 23 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

23 

제 4 조(준용규정)   

이  추가특별약관에  정하지  않은  사항은  보통약관  및  상품다수구매자  보험계약  특별약관을 
따릅니다. 

단체취급  특별약관 

제  1  조  (계약의  적용범위) 

이  특별약관은  아래에  정한  단체를  제외한  5 인  이상의  단체를  대상으로  하는  계약(이하  "단체취급 
계약"이라  합니다)을  체결하는  경우에는  한하여  적용합니다.   

1.  제 1 종  단체(급여단체)   

단체의  소속원이  그  단체로부터  일정한  급여를  지급  받는  관공서,  국영기업체,  기업체  및 
공장  등의  5 인  이상의  단체   

2.  제 2 종  단체(법정단체)   

제 1 종  단체에  해당하지  않는  단체로서  민법  또는  특별법에  의하여  설립된  법인  또는  조합 
등의  5 인  이상의  단체   

3.  제 3 종  단체(규약  단체)   

제 1 종  및  제 2 종  단체에  해당되지  않는  단체로서  단체운영에  관한  주요사항이  규칙  또는 
정관  등에  의하여  확정되어  있는  5 인  이상의  단체.  그러나  단순히  보험가입을  목적으로 
조직된  단체는  이에  포함되지  않습니다.   

4.  상품다수구매자  단체   

상품판매자가  자기의  관리하에  운영,  유지되는  상품구매자(각종  재화,  용역  및  서비스의 
구매자를  말합니다)  다수를  피보험자로  하는  100 인  이상의  단체   

제  2 조  (계약자) 

①  제 1 조(계약의  적용범위)에  정한  단체의  보험료전부  또는  일부를  부담하는  다수  계약자가  있는 

경우에는  그  권한을  위임받아  대표계약자를  지정할  수  있습니다.   

②  대표계약자는  개별  계약자를  대리하여  회사에  보험료를  납입하여야  하며,  회사는  보험증권, 

약관,  납입보험료에  대한  영수증을  대표계약자에게  드립니다.   

③  제 1 항  내지  제 2 항에도  불구하고  개별  계약자는  다른  계약자의  권리를  침해하지  않는 

범위에서  계약자의  권리와  의무를  행사할  수  있습니다.   

제  3  조  (피보험자의  추가  감소  또는  교체) 

①  계약을  맺은  후  피보험자를  추가,  감소  또는  교체하고자  하는  경우에  대표계약자,  개별  계약자 
또는  피보험자는  지체없이  서면으로  그  사실을  회사에  알리고  회사의  승인을  받아야  합니다.   

②  이  계약기간  중  피보험자가  감소하는  경우는  당해  피보험자의  계약은  해지된것으로  하며 

새로이  추가  또는  교체되는  피보험자의  보험기간은  이  계약의  남은  보험기간으로  하고,  이로 
인하여  발생되는  추가  또는  환급보험료는  일단위로  계산하여  받거나  돌려  드립니다.   

③  회사는  제 1 항  및  제 2 항을  위반하였을  경우에  새로이  추가  또는  교체되는  해당  피보험자에 

대하여는  보상하여  드리지  않습니다.   

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 24 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

24 

④  제 1 항에  따라  피보험자가  추가  또는  교체되는  경우에는  피보험자  추가  또는  교체전  계약과 

동일한  보장조건  및  인수기준에  따라  가입되며,  피보험자  추가  또는  교체시점부터 
잔여보험기간(피보험자  추가  또는  교체전  계약의  보험기간  만료일)까지  보상하여  드립니다. 

제  4  조  (준용규정) 

이  특별약관에  정하지  않은  사항은  보통약관을  따릅니다.   

단체취급계약  보험료정산  추가특별약관 

제 1 조  (보험료의  정산)   

①  회사는  단체취급  특별약관  제 3 조(피보험자의  추가,  감소  또는  교체)  제 2 항에도  불구하고  이 

특별약관에  따라  보험료를  정산합니다. 

②  회사는  단체취급  특별약관  제 3 조(피보험자의  추가,  감소  또는  교체)  제 3 항과  관계없이 
보험료가  정산되기  이전일지라도  새로이  증가  또는  교체된  피보험자에  대해  생긴  손해를 
보상하여  드립니다. 

제 2 조  (피보험자의  명부)   

계약자는  항상  피보험자의  명부를  비치하여  회사가  열람을  요구할  경우에는  이에  따라야  합니다. 

제 3 조  (예치보험료)   

예치보험료는  계약체결일  이전  1 개월  동안  1 일  평균인원수에  정해진  보험요율을  적용하여 
계산합니다. 

제 4 조  (보험료의  정산방법)   

보험료는  피보험자  수의  증감을  기초로  하여  다음과  같이  정산합니다. 

1.  계약자는  매월  10 일까지  전월말  까지의  피보험자수에  관한  서류를  회사에  제출하여야 
합니다.  그러나  계약이  효력상실  또는  해지된  경우에는  효력상실  또는  해지일  까지의 
보험료를  확정하기  위하여  필요한  서류를  효력상실  또는  해지  즉시  회사에  제출하여야  합니다. 

2.  회사는  보험기간  중이나  보험기간  종료  후  보험료를  산출하기  위하여  필요하다고  인정될 

경우에는  보험계약자의  서류를  열람할  수  있습니다. 

3.  회사는  보험기간  종료와  동시에  제 1 호에  의한  피보험자수에  따라  산출된  확정보험료와 

계약을  체결할  때  산출한  예치  보험료를  비교하여  그  차액을  정산합니다. 

제 5 조  (준용규정)   

이  추가특별약관에  정하지  않은  사항은  보통약관  및  단체취급  특별약관을  따릅니다. 

단체취급계약  보험기간  설정에  관한  추가특별약관 

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 25 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

25 

제 1 조  (적용범위)   
이  추가특별약관은  단체취급계약  특별약관  제 3 조(피보험자의  추가,  감소  또는  교체)  제 2 항에도 

불구하고,  새로이  증가되는  피보험자의  보험기간을  정하는  경우에  적용합니다.   

제 2 조  (보험기간)   
이  추가특별약관에  따라  계약기간  중에  새로이  증가된  피보험자의  보험기간은  계약자가  요청하는 

기간으로  합니다. 

제 3 조  (보험료의  납입)   
①  계약자는  새로이  증가된  피보험자에  대하여  일단위로  계산된  추가보험료를  납입하여야  합니다.   

②  새로이  증가된  피보험자의  보험기간이  시작된  후라도  다른  약정이  없으면  추가보험료를  받기 

전에  생긴  손해는  보상하여  드리지  않습니다.   

제 4 조  (준용규정)   
이  추가특별약관에  정하지  않은  사항은  보통약관  및  단체취급  특별약관을  따릅니다. 

단체계약  특별약관 

제 1 조  (계약의  적용범위)   

①  피보험자가  다음중  한가지의  단체에  소속되어야  하며,  단체를  대표하여  계약자로  된  자가   

단체보험  계약상의  모든  권리,  의무를  행사할  수  있어야  합니다. 

1.  제 1 종  단체 

동일한  회사,  사업장,  관공서,  국영기업체,  조합  등  5 인  이상의  근로자를  고용하고  있는 

단체.  다만,  사업장,  직제,  직종  등으로  구분되어  있는  경우의  단체소속  여부는  관련법규 
등에서  정하는  바에  따릅니다. 

2.  제 2 종  단체 

 비영리법인단체  또는  변호사회,  의사회등  동업자단체로서  5 인  이상의  구성원이  있는  단체 

3.  제 3 종  단체 

그밖에  단체의  구성원을  확정시킬  수  있고  계약의  일괄적인  관리가  가능한  단체로서  5 인 

이상의  구성원이  있는  단체 

②  제 1 항의  대상단체에  소속된  자로서  동일한  보험계약을  체결한  5 인  이상의  피보험자로 

피보험단체를  구성하여야  하며,  단체  구성원의  일부만을  대상으로  가입하는  경우에는  다음의 

조건을  모두  충족하여야  합니다. 

 1.  단체의  내규에  의한  복지제도로서  노사합의에  의하며,  보험료의  일부를  단체  또는  단체의 

대표자가  부담하여야  합니다. 

 2.  제 1 항  제 2 호  및  제 3 호에  해당하는  단체는  내규에  의해  단체의  대표자와  보험회사가 

협정에  의해  체결하여야  합니다. 

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 26 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

26 

제 2 조  (상법  제 735 조 3 의  적용)   

①  제 1 조의  단체가  피보험자를  확정할  수  있고  계약의  일괄적  관리가  가능하며,  규약에  따라 
계약을  체결하는  경우  피보험자의  서면에  의한  동의를  얻지  않아도  되며,  계약자에게만 

보험증권을  드릴  수  있습니다. 

②  제 1 항의  규약은  보험의  종류  및  일괄  가입에  관한  사항이  포함되어야  하며,  동의  또는  협의를 
통하여  피보험자들의  의사가  규약에  반영될  수  있어야  합니다.  다만,  보험수익자를  계약자  등 

피보험자의  이해에  반하는  자로  지정하는  경우에는  해당  내용이  규약에  반영되어야  하며, 
반영되지  않은  경우에는  별도  피보험자의  동의를  받아야  합니다. 

③  보험회사는  계약자를  통해  단체의  규약이  제 2 항을  충족하고  있는  지  확인을  해야  하며, 

계약자는  이에  협조하여야  합니다. 

제 3 조(단체요율의  적용)   

①  제 1 조의  단체는  단체요율을  적용할  수  있습니다.  다만,  제 3 종  단체는  구성원이  명확하고 

위험의  동질성이  확보되어야  합니다. 

②  단체  구성원의  일부만을  대상으로  가입하는  경우에는  대상단체의  위험과  피보험단체의  위험의 

동질성이  유지되어야  합니다. 

제 4 조(보험의  목적의  증가  감소  또는  교체)   

①  계약을  맺은  후  보험의  목적을  증가,  감소  또는  교체코자  하는  경우에는  계약자  또는 

피보험자는  지체없이  서면으로  그  사실을  회사에  알리고  회사의  승인을  받아야  합니다. 

②  이  계약기간  중  보험의  목적  감소의  경우는  당해  보험의  목적의  계약은  해지된  것으로  하며 

새로이  증가  또는  교체되는  보험의  목적의  보험기간은  이  계약의  남은  보험기간으로  하고,  이로 
인하여  발생되는  추가  또는  환급보험료는  일단위로  계산하여  받거나  돌려  드립니다. 

③  회사는  제 1 항  및  제 2 항을  위반하였을  경우에  새로이  증가  또는  교체되는  해당  보험의 

목적에  대하여는  보상하여  드리지  않습니다. 

④  제 1 항에  따라  보험의  목적이  교체되는  경우에는  보험의  목적  교체전  계약과  동일한  보장조건 
및  인수기준에  따라  가입될  수  있으며,  보험의  목적  교체시점부터  잔여  보험기간(보험의  목적 

교체전  계약의  보험기간  만료일)까지  보상하여  드립니다. 

제 5 조(개별계약으로의  전환) 

①  피보험자가  퇴직  등의  사유로  인하여  피보험단체에서  탈퇴하는  경우  피보험자가  보험료의 
일부를  부담한  경우에  한하여  탈퇴일로부터  1 개월  이내에  계약자  또는  피보험자는  회사의 

승낙을  얻어  개별계약으로  전환할  수  있으며,  이  경우  피보험자는  개별계약의  계약자가  됩니다. 

②  제 1 항에  따라  개별계약으로  전환시에는  전환후  피보험자의  보험기간은  이  계약의  남은 

기간으로  하고,  이로  인하여  발생하는  추가  또는  환급되는  보험료는  보험료  및  해약환급금 

산출방법서에서  정한  바에  따라  일단위로  계산하여  받거나  돌려  드립니다. 

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 27 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

27 

제 6 조  (보험증권의  발급)   

①  회사는  보험계약자에게  보험증권을  드려야  하고,  그  약관의  주요한  내용을  알려드립니다. 

②  보험계약자의  요청이  있을  경우,  개별  피보험자에게는  가입증명서를  발급하여  드릴  수  있습니다. 

제 7 조(적용상의  특칙) 

계약자가  아닌  단체의  소속원이  보험료  전부  또는  일부를  부담하는  경우에는  그  소속원이 

계약자로서의  권리를  행사할  수  있습니다. 

제 8 조(준용규정) 

이  특별약관에  정하지  않은  사항은  보통약관을  따릅니다. 

단체계약보험료정산  추가특별약관 

제 1 조(보험료의  정산) 

①  회사는  단체계약  특별약관  제 4 조(보험의  목적의  증가,  감소  또는  교체)  제 2 항에도  불구하고 

이  추가약관에  따라  보험료를  정산합니다. 

②  회사는  단체계약  특별약관  제 4 조(보험의  목적의  증가,  감소  또는  교체)  제 3 항과  관계없이 
보험료가  정산되기  이전  일지라도  새로이  증가  또는  교체된  피보험자에  대해  생긴  손해를 

보상하여  드립니다. 

제 2 조(피보험자의  명부) 

계약자는  항상  피보험자의  명부를  비치하여  회사가  열람을  요구할  경우에는  이에  따라야  합니다. 

제 3 조(예치  보험료) 

예치보험료는  계약체결일  이전  1 개월  동안  1 일  평균인원수에  정해진  보험요율을  적용하여  계산
합니다. 

제 4 조(보험료의  정산방법) 

보험료는  피보험자수의  증감을  기초로  하여  다음과  같이  정산합니다. 

1.  계약자는  매월  10 일까지  전월말까지의  피보험자에  관한  서류를  회사에  제출하여야  합니다. 

그러나  계약이  효력상실  또는  해지된  경우에는  효력상실  또는  해지일까지의  보험료를 
확정하기  위하여  필요한  서류를  효력상실  또는  해지  즉시  회사에  제출하여야  합니다. 

2.  회사는  보험기간중이나  보험기간  만료  후  보험료를  산출하기  위하여  필요하다고  인정될 

경우에는  계약자의  서류를  열람할  수  있습니다. 

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance

--- Page 28 ---
PURCHASE PROTECTION INSURANCE 

28 

3.  회사는  보험기간  만료와  동시에  제 1 항에  의한  피보험자수에  따라  산출된  확정보험료와 

계약을  체결할  때  산출한  예치  보험료를  비교하여  그  차액을  정산합니다. 

제 5 조(준용규정) 

이  추가약관에  정하지  않은  사항은  보통약관을  따릅니다. 

                          <The balance of this page is intentionally blank.> 

  Hyundai Marine & Fire Insurance